release: v15.0.0 (#4373)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

    - This has been corrected to `/var/lib/getmail` (_if you have mounted a DMS State Volume to `/var/mail-state`, `/var/lib/getmail` will be symlinked to `/var/mail-state/lib-getmail`_).
    - To preserve this state when upgrading to DMS v15, **you must manually migrate `getmail/` from the _DMS Config Volume_ to `lib-getmail/` in the _DMS State Volume_.**
  - `setup email delete <EMAIL ADDRESS>` now requires explicit confirmation if the mailbox data should be deleted ([#4365](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4365)).

> - old **Rspamd** configuration file location (`/tmp/docker-mailserver/rspamd-modules.conf`) check was removed, use `/tmp/docker-mailserver/rspamd/custom-commands.conf` now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DMS `custom-commands.conf` feature for **Rspamd** prior to DMS v14 used `/tmp/docker-mailserver/rspamd-modules.conf`, the deprecation check is now removed. The correct file path for this feature is `/tmp/docker-mailserver/rspamd/custom-commands.conf` ([#4373](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4373))
```
